Athena bucket deletion (#7606)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/athena-configs.md

```

### HA known issues

- There could be a little downtime when swapping from a table with partitions to a table without (and the other way around). If higher performance is needed, consider bucketing instead of partitions.
- By default, Glue "duplicates" the versions internally, so the last two versions of a table point to the same location.
- It's recommended to set `versions_to_keep` >= 4, as this will avoid having the older location removed.

### Avoid deleting parquet files

> If a dbt model has the same name as an existing table in the AWS Glue catalog, the dbt-athena adapter will delete the files in that table’s S3 location before recreating it using the SQL from the model.

Reviewer: Can we specify what is recreated? Is it the table? 
```suggestion
If a dbt model has the same name as an existing table in the AWS Glue catalog, the `dbt-athena` adapter deletes the files in that table’s S3 location before recreating the table using the SQL from the model.
```

The adapter may also delete data if a model is configured to use the same S3 location as an existing table. In this case, it clears the folder before creating the new table to avoid conflicts during setup.

> When dropping a model, the dbt-athena adapter performs two cleanup steps for both Iceberg and Hive tables: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When dropping a model, the `dbt-athena` adapter performs two cleanup steps for both Iceberg and Hive tables: 
```

> - It deletes the table from the AWS Glue catalog using Glue APIs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It deletes the table from the AWS Glue catalog using Glue APIs.
```

> - Removes the associated S3 data files using a delete operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It removes the associated S3 data files using a delete operation.
```

> However, for Iceberg tables, using standard SQL like [`DROP TABLE`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/athena/latest/ug/querying-iceberg-drop-table.html) may not remove all related S3 objects. To ensure proper cleanup in a dbt workflow, the adapter includes a workaround that explicitly deletes these S3 objects, or alternatively, users can enable [`native_drop`](/reference/resource-configs/athena-configs#table-configuration) to let Iceberg handle the cleanup natively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, for Iceberg tables, using standard SQL like [`DROP TABLE`](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/athena/latest/ug/querying-iceberg-drop-table.html) may not remove all related S3 objects. To ensure proper cleanup in a dbt workflow, the adapter includes a workaround that explicitly deletes these S3 objects. Alternatively, users can enable [`native_drop`](/reference/resource-configs/athena-configs#table-configuration) to let Iceberg handle the cleanup natively.
```
